Abstract:
	The selected endeavour chosen for the capstone project, currently called Common Room, is a web application which
allows users to connect with others in close proximity who wish to participate in an event together, and are 
looking for friendly company. The mission for the project is to experience entertainment socially, initially
focusing on matching users who wish to share a viewing experience with others who share their interests and
enthusiasm.
	Hence, the target user story involves users posting an event on the app, specifying the movie/telivized event
they wish to view with others, and allowing other users within close proximity with similarly indicated interests
to contact them and schedule a social gathering in which they can experience the viewing more socially, by
meeting others who share their interests. The app facilitates these connections and interactions by having 
in-app messaging capabilities, as well as tracking explicitly indicated and inferred interests of the user to
determine which events to serve/recommend to each user. The user can choose to reject or show interest in certain 
events to help us better understand their interests.

Motivation:
	An increasing need for this type of service has emerged as fewer people watch scheduled, traditional cable/live
telivision resulting in the loss of assured communal viewing, especially with the rise in popularity for
on-demand services, Hulu, Netflix, etc. Although this provides individual flexibility, it has contributed to an
epidemic of "spoilers" on social media, and the inability to openly discuss "that climatic episode" or "the big
game last night" with peers, cultivating a more isolationist society. The goal here is to regain some of that
lost comradery and garner discussion.

Technical:
	Initially, we will be developing a web app, using MeteorJS, and parts of the MEAN stack, although a native
mobile app for Android and iOS is planned for the future. The key technical challenges will involve matching
algorithms which can intelligently determine which users would match, as well as recommendation algorithms
(recommendations obtained via web scraping and crowd sourcing). A ranking system will also be implemented to 
encourage interactive input and engagement from the users via gamification.

User story flow:
- Post what you are doing
- Someone else sees it and happens to be wanting to do the same thing at the same time
- Connect, and message interested party to experience the act/activity (show, movie, sports, political event)
  together and have company (could be a group of people)
- Meet in person to participate in the activity “at the pub - gathered with strangers” atmosphere?
- Rate the experience

Potential extensions to user story:
Provide the service for different contexts (academic - match people taking same courses, going into same program, wanting to form a group, people going to the same destination, televised sporting/e-sports events, Dining,
any activity that requires potential social interaction with people)